then the Lord spoke to Moses speak to
then the Lord spoke to Moses speak to the
the
the of Israel
of Israel
of Israel an offering from everyone who gives it
an offering from everyone who gives it
an offering from everyone who gives it willingly with his heart you shall take
willingly with his heart you shall take
willingly with his heart you shall take my offering and this is the offering
my offering and this is the offering
my offering and this is the offering which you shall take from them gold
which you shall take from them gold
which you shall take from them gold silver and bronze blue purple and
silver and bronze blue purple and
silver and bronze blue purple and scarlet thread fine linen and goats ham
scarlet thread fine linen and goats ham
scarlet thread fine linen and goats ham Ram skins dyed red badger skins and
Ram skins dyed red badger skins and
Ram skins dyed red badger skins and acacia wood oil for the light and spices
acacia wood oil for the light and spices
acacia wood oil for the light and spices for the anointing oil and for the sweet
for the anointing oil and for the sweet
for the anointing oil and for the sweet incense onyx stones and stones to be set
incense onyx stones and stones to be set
incense onyx stones and stones to be set in the ephod and in the breastplate and
in the ephod and in the breastplate and
in the ephod and in the breastplate and let them make me a sanctuary that I may
let them make me a sanctuary that I may
let them make me a sanctuary that I may dwell among them according to all that I
dwell among them according to all that I
dwell among them according to all that I show you that is the pattern of the
show you that is the pattern of the
show you that is the pattern of the tabernacle and the pattern of all its
tabernacle and the pattern of all its
tabernacle and the pattern of all its furnishings just so you shall make it
furnishings just so you shall make it
furnishings just so you shall make it and they shall make an ark of acacia
and they shall make an ark of acacia
and they shall make an ark of acacia wood two and a half cubits shall be its
wood two and a half cubits shall be its
wood two and a half cubits shall be its length a cubit and a half its width and
length a cubit and a half its width and
length a cubit and a half its width and a cubit and a half its height and you
a cubit and a half its height and you
a cubit and a half its height and you shall overlay it with pure gold inside
shall overlay it with pure gold inside
shall overlay it with pure gold inside and out you shall overlay it and shall
and out you shall overlay it and shall
and out you shall overlay it and shall make on it a molding of gold all around
make on it a molding of gold all around
make on it a molding of gold all around you shall cast four rings of gold for it
you shall cast four rings of gold for it
you shall cast four rings of gold for it and put them in its four corners two
and put them in its four corners two
and put them in its four corners two rings shall be on one side and two rings
rings shall be on one side and two rings
rings shall be on one side and two rings on the other side and you shall make
on the other side and you shall make
on the other side and you shall make poles of acacia wood and overlay them
poles of acacia wood and overlay them
poles of acacia wood and overlay them with gold you shall put the poles into
with gold you shall put the poles into
with gold you shall put the poles into the rings on the sides of the Ark that
the rings on the sides of the Ark that
the rings on the sides of the Ark that the Ark may be carried by them the poles
the Ark may be carried by them the poles
the Ark may be carried by them the poles shall be in the rings of the Ark they
shall be in the rings of the Ark they
shall be in the rings of the Ark they shall not be taken from it and you shall
shall not be taken from it and you shall
shall not be taken from it and you shall put into the Ark the testimony which I
put into the Ark the testimony which I
put into the Ark the testimony which I will give you you shall make a mercy
will give you you shall make a mercy
will give you you shall make a mercy seat of pure gold two-and-a-half cubits
seat of pure gold two-and-a-half cubits
seat of pure gold two-and-a-half cubits shall be its length and a cubit and a
shall be its length and a cubit and a
shall be its length and a cubit and a half its width and you shall make two
half its width and you shall make two
half its width and you shall make two cherubim
cherubim
cherubim Gold of hammered work you shall make
Gold of hammered work you shall make
Gold of hammered work you shall make them at the two ends of the mercy seat
them at the two ends of the mercy seat
them at the two ends of the mercy seat make one cherub at one end and the other
make one cherub at one end and the other
make one cherub at one end and the other cherub at the other end you shall make
cherub at the other end you shall make
cherub at the other end you shall make the cherubim at the two ends of it of
the cherubim at the two ends of it of
the cherubim at the two ends of it of one piece with the mercy seat and the
one piece with the mercy seat and the
one piece with the mercy seat and the cherubim shall stretch out their wings
cherubim shall stretch out their wings
cherubim shall stretch out their wings above covering the mercy seat with their
above covering the mercy seat with their
above covering the mercy seat with their wings and they shall face one another
wings and they shall face one another
wings and they shall face one another the faces of the cherubim shall be
the faces of the cherubim shall be
the faces of the cherubim shall be toward the mercy seat you shall put the
toward the mercy seat you shall put the
toward the mercy seat you shall put the mercy seat on top of the Ark and in the
mercy seat on top of the Ark and in the
mercy seat on top of the Ark and in the Ark you shall put the testimony that I
Ark you shall put the testimony that I
Ark you shall put the testimony that I will give you and there I will meet with
will give you and there I will meet with
will give you and there I will meet with you and I will speak with you from above
you and I will speak with you from above
you and I will speak with you from above the mercy seat from between the two
the mercy seat from between the two
the mercy seat from between the two cherubim which are on the Ark of the
cherubim which are on the Ark of the
cherubim which are on the Ark of the testimony about everything which I will
testimony about everything which I will
testimony about everything which I will give you in commandment to the children
give you in commandment to the children
give you in commandment to the children of Israel
you shall also make a table of acacia
you shall also make a table of acacia wood two cubits shall be its length a
wood two cubits shall be its length a
wood two cubits shall be its length a cubit its width and a cubit and a half
cubit its width and a cubit and a half
cubit its width and a cubit and a half its height and you shall overlay it with
its height and you shall overlay it with
its height and you shall overlay it with pure gold and make a molding of gold all
pure gold and make a molding of gold all
pure gold and make a molding of gold all around you shall make for it a frame of
around you shall make for it a frame of
around you shall make for it a frame of a handbreadth all around and you shall
a handbreadth all around and you shall
a handbreadth all around and you shall make a gold molding for the frame all
make a gold molding for the frame all
make a gold molding for the frame all around and you shall make for it four
around and you shall make for it four
around and you shall make for it four rings of gold and put the rings on the
rings of gold and put the rings on the
rings of gold and put the rings on the four corners that are at its four legs
four corners that are at its four legs
four corners that are at its four legs the rings shall be close to the frame as
the rings shall be close to the frame as
the rings shall be close to the frame as holders for the poles to bear the table
holders for the poles to bear the table
holders for the poles to bear the table and you shall make the poles of acacia
and you shall make the poles of acacia
and you shall make the poles of acacia wood and overlay them with gold that the
wood and overlay them with gold that the
wood and overlay them with gold that the table may be carried with them you shall
table may be carried with them you shall
table may be carried with them you shall make it's dishes its pans its pitchers
make it's dishes its pans its pitchers
make it's dishes its pans its pitchers and its bowls for pouring you shall make
and its bowls for pouring you shall make
and its bowls for pouring you shall make them of pure gold and you shall set the
them of pure gold and you shall set the
them of pure gold and you shall set the showbread on the table before me always
showbread on the table before me always
showbread on the table before me always you shall also make a lampstand of pure
you shall also make a lampstand of pure
you shall also make a lampstand of pure gold the lampstands shall be of hammered
gold the lampstands shall be of hammered
gold the lampstands shall be of hammered work its shaft its branches its bowls
work its shaft its branches its bowls
work its shaft its branches its bowls its ornamental knobs and flowers shall
its ornamental knobs and flowers shall
its ornamental knobs and flowers shall be of one piece and six branches shall
be of one piece and six branches shall
be of one piece and six branches shall come out of its size three branches of
come out of its size three branches of
come out of its size three branches of the lamp stand out of one side and three
the lamp stand out of one side and three
the lamp stand out of one side and three branches of the lamp stand out of the
branches of the lamp stand out of the
branches of the lamp stand out of the other side three bones shall be made
other side three bones shall be made
other side three bones shall be made like almond blossoms on one branch with
like almond blossoms on one branch with
like almond blossoms on one branch with an ornamental knob and a flower and
an ornamental knob and a flower and
an ornamental knob and a flower and three bowls made like almond blossoms on
three bowls made like almond blossoms on
three bowls made like almond blossoms on the other branch with an ornamental knob
the other branch with an ornamental knob
the other branch with an ornamental knob and a flower and so for the six branches
and a flower and so for the six branches
and a flower and so for the six branches that come out of the lamp stand on the
that come out of the lamp stand on the
that come out of the lamp stand on the lamp stand itself four bowls shall be
lamp stand itself four bowls shall be
lamp stand itself four bowls shall be made like almond blossoms each with its
made like almond blossoms each with its
made like almond blossoms each with its ornamental knob and flower and there
ornamental knob and flower and there
ornamental knob and flower and there shall be a knob under the first two
shall be a knob under the first two
shall be a knob under the first two branches of the same a knob onto the
branches of the same a knob onto the
branches of the same a knob onto the second two branches of the same and a
second two branches of the same and a
second two branches of the same and a knob under the third two branches
knob under the third two branches
knob under the third two branches the same according to the six branches
the same according to the six branches
the same according to the six branches that extend from the lampstand their
that extend from the lampstand their
that extend from the lampstand their knobs and their branches shall be of one
knobs and their branches shall be of one
knobs and their branches shall be of one piece all of it shall be one hammered
piece all of it shall be one hammered
piece all of it shall be one hammered piece of pure gold you shall make seven
piece of pure gold you shall make seven
piece of pure gold you shall make seven lamps for it and they shall arrange its
lamps for it and they shall arrange its
lamps for it and they shall arrange its lamps so that they give light in front
lamps so that they give light in front
lamps so that they give light in front of it and its wick trimmers and their
of it and its wick trimmers and their
of it and its wick trimmers and their trays shall be of pure gold it shall be
trays shall be of pure gold it shall be
trays shall be of pure gold it shall be made of a talent of pure gold with all
made of a talent of pure gold with all
made of a talent of pure gold with all these utensils and see to it that you
these utensils and see to it that you
these utensils and see to it that you make them according to the pattern which
make them according to the pattern which
make them according to the pattern which were shown you on the mountain